1.  H can't be in Plaza, G is there and not on a chair. H can't be in Park, F is there and not on a chair. So H must be in Cafe and not on a chair. H is at (R2). Cross out (R2) non Cafe blocks and chairs not in Cafe.
2.  H is in Cafe, G is in Plaza, F is in Park. A can only be at Lover's bridge. A is at (C6.R4) to prevent empty column.
3.  C is at (C5.R9)
4.  Someone is at (C7.R7)
5.  G is at (C3.R8) to prevent empty column
6.  H and a person on a chair has taken 2 rows out of (C1~C3), there's no space for D and the person on path. So the person on path if F at (C9.R6). Cross out all other path
7.  Someone is at (C1.R1) to prevent empty column, cross out all other chair
8.  E is at (C7.R7)
9.  D is at (C8.R3)
10. B is at (C8.R5)
11. H is at (C2.R2) 
12. V is at (C1.R1)


Hint 1/7
Cross out all River squares per the general clue. H is in the Cafe with the only person sitting in a chair. He cannot be in the Plaza because G is there and G's squares are not chairs. He also cannot be in the Park because F is there and F's squares are not chairs. This means H has to be in the Cafe in R2. Block the rest of R2. Block all other chairs that are not in the Cafe.

Hint 2/7
This isolates one square left in C6. Cross out the rest of R4. A has to be on the Lovers' Bridge because there's no men in that area since G is in the Plaza, H is in the Cafe, and F is in the Park.

Hint 3/7
Amongst C1 - C6, we know that H is in the Cafe with someone on a chair, G is in the Plaza, A is on Lovers' Bridge, and C has to be one column west of A. This accounts for 5 people out of the 6 columns. If someone were to occupy a path square in the Plaza, that would mean D would also have to be in the Plaza, which exceeds the 6 people occupancy since there would be 7 people total. This means D has to be in the Park with the only person on a path square in C9. This also means that no one will occupy the path squares in the Plaza. Block the path squares in the Plaza. Block the rest of C9.

Hint 4/7
There should only be one square left in R1 C1. Block the rest of R1. This also means the person in the Cafe with H is in R1 C1. Block the other chair in the Cafe. There should only be one square left in R3 C8. Block the rest of C8.

Hint 5/7
This isolates F to the last square beside a tree in the Park, and he is the only person on a path square. There should only be one square left in R7 C7. Block the rest of R7.

Hint 6/7
Because C is one column west of A, C and G must occupy R8 and R9 in the Plaza. This means E has to be in R7 C7 to be beside a River and not on the Lovers' Bridge. This isolates D in the last square in the Park.

Hint 7/7
Two people must occupy Lovers' Bridge. It has to be B in R5 C3 with A because there's no man in that area and that square is not beside a River square. This isolates A. This isolates H. This isolates G. This isolates C. This isolates V in the last remaining square in the Cafe with H. Hugh is the murderer!